Pz1-Encryption-Among the dusty bookshelves, you find a stone tablet on the wall with the letters ‘srzhu’. Below it is a set of five wooden wheels halfway inside the wall. Each wheel appears to have the entire alphabet on them, and they can be moved. Would you like to spell anything out with the wheels?-This item is only deserving to be in the hands of a studious one.-You have learned how to do this before. Just a few days ago, the professor of your class was talking about how Caesar Ciphers were used to encode messages.-power-N/A-Potion Of Greater Vitality-0-0-Congratulations! You have solved the encryption!-0
Pz2-Traveler’s Riddle-You come across an old man who ask you: Oh dear traveler, can you solve my riddle? I’m out and about in the enchanted forest. I’m always there when no one else is, yet always feel watched. What am I?-Ha! it appears even a wizard can’t solve my riddle!-It seems he has a solution he’s looking for, but there is another solution in the enchanted forest.-alone-Unique Tree Branch-N/A-30-0-Finally someone solves my riddle! Here’s your reward!-0
Pz6-Gossiping Fairies-Hey traveler, I noticed you’re a wizard. There was this one tale I’ve heard about, but I can’t quite seem to find a book about it. If you could find a book about it, I’ll reward you!-Oh never mind, I guess you don’t know what I’m talking about.-The library would be a good place to start looking for books about tales.-N/A-Grimoire Of Legends-Ring of Regeneration-0-0-Oh thank you traveler! Here’s your reward as promised!-0
Pz7-Lost City’s Secrets-You see a pedestal in the lost city with a stone plate next to it. The engraving on it reads ‘Place the prophet's skull on the pedestal, they will guide you to the cause of the chaos in the world…’-While you were trying to figure out how to get information from the prophet, you saw a dragon flying above shooting a fireball at you. The fireball damages you and breaks the pedestal. While you may not know from the prophet who caused the chaos, you have a good hunch that the dragon tried to cover up his tracks. It’s time to take him down!... Once you’re prepared of course!-You may be able to find the prophet’s skull in the catacombs-N/A-Death's Whispers Skull-N/A-0-10-It's the dragon on top of the mountain that's causing the chaos to happen! Here I'll give you some power to help defeat him!-10
